Fix a typo; clarify one sentence. (#1)
fpvandoorn/fpvandoorn.github.io: files/BonnPC.md

## Language

* You need to login with your `@math.uni-bonn.de` username and password.

> * The keyboard layout for the login screen is German. This cannot be changed. (This applies both to the first login after booting the computer, and to later log-ins after locking the screen.)

Reviewer: This is false: if I lock my screen there is a button to change the keyboard language to english.

Author: Oh! That's a pleasant surprise. (I remember stumbling across this detail in Berlin.) Did you test if it works?

Author: If so, I'll happily add a not to that sentence.

Reviewer: Yes, I use it frequently (and it either remembers that I chose English, or chooses English (my OS language) as default).

Author: ```suggestion
* The keyboard layout for the login screen is German. This cannot be changed. (This does *not* apply after locking the screen: there, you have the option to change the keyboard language.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The keyboard layout for the login screen is German. This cannot be changed. (This does *not* apply to entering your password after locking the screen: there, there you have the option to change the keyboard language.)
```
